[vc] setting for DropBox (#20)
worldbank/dime-standards: dime-research-standards/pillar-4-data-security/data-security-resources/veracrypt-guidelines.md

1. Once you are done working with the file containing confidential data that you keep in your secure folder, it is best practice to unmount it immediately in VeraCrypt. If you forget, the file will be unencrypted and accessible from anyone with access to your computer until you restart your computer.

## Note for sharing VeraCrypt folder on DropBox

VeraCrypt keeps the content in your encrypted folder very secure.
So secure that DropBox might have difficulties recognizing when
you make an edit to the content of your encrypted folder.
And this leads DropBox to not sync the new version of the folder,
as DropBox does not understand that there is a new version to sync.

> This is what happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is what happens.**
```

To make DropBox more efficient,
it does not look on each and every byte
of your files all the time to see if a file has changed.
That would take too much time and computational power
and DropBox would slow down your computer.
Instead it first looks at the time each file was last edited,

> and check if there are more recent files than the last synced file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and checks if there are more recent files than the last synced file.
```

> If DropBox notis that the last edit time is updated,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If DropBox notices that the last edit time has changed,
```

then it checks which bytes have been updated and sync those bytes.
However, DropBox cannot see the content of your encrypted folder,

> it only sees the one file created in VeraCrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it only sees the one file created by VeraCrypt.
```

> VeraCrypt is all about privacy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VeraCrypt, on the other hand, is all about privacy
```

and the default setting is therefore
to not reveal the last time any of
the content of your folder was edited unless you decrypt the content.
This way a hacker breaking in to your system
won't even know which is the most recent file you worked with.
However, this default setting makes collaboration
on encrypted folders over DropBox impossible.

> This is how you solve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is how you solve this.**
```
